in the boots in the boots in the spa
today guys we are back on our back on
the bongo Islands and it's been a long
time it's been quite some time since we
actually recorded this and I keep
getting like the fingers of this is fun
by like I completely forget to record it
I'm like I have so much fun on my own
with our record and it's just like oh I
forgot to record and yeah if you want to
see more arc on my channel be sure to
let me know let's go through but 200
likes on this I'll be awesome guys just
to know you guys are there and enjoying
this see how it's gonna prove 200 likes
that'd be so cool and I have got so much
to show you guys I'm not even kidding ok
so the first thing is my house was
pretty big my house is like coming up
top mountain but it's not anymore
because I need to tell you guys what I
was doing basically we've crafted all
this stuff inside here we've got this
this is to smelt metal and stuff like
that and this thing here this thing is
to craft loads of stuff so you can craft
obviously you can craft armor you can
craft structures like metal bases and
you can craft weapons like firearms and
all types of different stuff it's crazy
it is gonna be crazy and they may
inventory they're on 7 8 9 and 0
obviously on the hotbar and these are
like water things where you can
obviously use them you can like fill
them up with water and like take them
off somewhere else wherever you want to
take them and we're gonna go further mop
right now that is exactly what we are
gonna do so today what we're gonna do
we're gonna be taking down quite a few
dinosaurs because that's something
really important what we need to do
today oh my god there's actually two of
them oh my god okay I don't even care I
don't even care right now let's just go
let's just go hello how are you doing
okay you're pretty fast I know your
friends after me as well oh no oh no I
didn't have a your friend to come along
as well that ain't good that ain't a
good thing not any good thing good
enough to take down you and your friend
now great that's awesome thank you very
very much
oh okay there's one okay let's get the
uber let's get his friends let's get his
friend come on come on you ain't going
nowhere man you ain't going nowhere okay
let go oh you're getting closer you're
getting closer okay come on how it is
attack
okay okay okay another good one one more
there we go
that's how you do it okay so we're gonna
use we can actually use this pickaxe
here because if we use that we can ously
get more height and this is a metal
pickaxe
this is awesome this thing is absolutely
awesome you guys don't even know how
awesome this thing is and what I'm
trying to do guys I'm sure gonna try and
make this into ten minute I'm gonna try
and do ten minute videos I'm gonna try
and do these ten minutes cuz they're so
many of you guys have said you know I
want to say longer I want to say longer
videos and stuff like that so that's
exactly what I am gonna do okay all
right so kill you so we could let's kill
you you look like a you look like a nice
guy
you're like a nice guy what I can shoot
in the butt there we go oh wait you run
into when I stop running come on I need
to shoot you I need to shoot you come on
stop stop in the boots in the boots in
the butt come on
yeah there we go ah come on you know
that's strong you can't be that strong
no it doesn't oh there we go okay they
you're finally dead at long last yeah we
can finally take everything off you take
it hide we need to hide there we go oh
my goodness
we got 33 raw meat from that guy one F
is that what an F is all about I know
yeah I completely forgot to show you
guys I have actually paved my own
dinosaur I've taken one of these guys
I've ten just one of these I know you're
a level two you should be pretty easy to
take down
oh the bow front in there Bofur in it
yeah come on oh yeah Howie oh there we
go okay you're finally dead year so
we've taken out like four dinosaurs so
far and it's so cheesy like the high
level you go up like the easier it is
touching take these guys down and so
we've got eight hide how many do we have
honors how many of this hide we have
honors we need eight more hide actually
we need eight more hide to obviously
make another bed so I'm gonna do that
I'm gonna try and get the right amount
but where's his friend gun where is your
friend gone man oh hey hey hey you came
I know it in you oh you're level one
you're cute
you're a level-one oh my god okay oh did
I hit you did did I actually hit you I
know I don't know if I hit you or not
where are you running to I've lost where
he's gone what where he's where's he
gone he why is he so fast like he's just
sprinted away like he's vanished
that guy is funny she's just completely
gone out of here
oh is he stuck or even once
what on earth uh we'll kill you we'll
just kill you it's good we'll just kill
you don't move don't move anywhere man
don't move don't run you don't need to
run
you're don't need to run you don't don't
run come back come back yes come on how
many do you need to take ah yeah there
we go okay level twenty is down and out
of here and okay here we go
surely please give me enough please give
me enough yes we've got enough hide now
we can finally make the bed what we have
been well basically I plan this episode
just like completely make a bed but like
we've done early we've got the hide
early and I don't know exactly how much
you need to make a bed sets just have a
quick little look we can actually make
this okay that's awesome okay let's just
cross the bed and now what we're gonna
do we're just gonna go and take the bed
to the area where I set out to you know
obviously place and stuff so yeah I've
tried to make like a little Mel area
where we can obviously go to get metal
and stuff like that anyway further down
this way actually I think it might be a
little bit further down here okay
maybe not okay here it is here's the low
bay so we made okay so indeed hydrating
let's take a sip of this and yes this is
the mini bay so we made it's literally
just to start the bed and nice it is
actually everything it was used for
okay so what we're gonna do we should
really place the bed down and just there
let's place it let's place it and let's
place it there there there we go
okay so we've got bed we've got our
first bed sorted so what we're gonna do
I'm gonna make like a little storage
area as well and
okay we're gonna make I don't know what
to make I should really make a bigger
storage one okay so yeah that's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna grab some more wood
and fat and stuff so just so I can make
a little bit of a bigger storage thing
to put everything inside of it oh no we
can't because we don't have enough room
here Oh God okay I'm gonna have to do
this one up a little bit um all right
okay I'm gonna have to destroy the roof
bit here and do it like one up okay
let's destroy it
that's okay there we go and let's place
you may see you there let's place you
there we don't really need you anywhere
else just place you just there like that
okay that should be cool and then we can
obviously start all our stuff inside
here what we don't really need we don't
need any of this meat don't need that
and we don't need that and don't need
that we don't need that oh my god the
amount of meat we got oh my goodness
eyes a lot that is quite a lot okay guys
so I'm in there I'm gonna end this
episode off here and the next episode
I'm gonna make cut I'm gonna try and go
up this mountain which is just in front
of us just there and try and grab some
metal for ourselves so I'd be pretty
cool thing to do see I hope you guys
have enjoyed this and I'll see you guys
in the next one